**Agenda - Meeting 22.2 (Lab Week 3)**

**Location :** 		DZ PC1 Cubicle 4

**Datum :** 		22.2.2021

**Time:** 			13:45 - 14:45

**Attendees:**		Andrei, Anna, Anthony, Kazek, Lucia, Santiago


**Roles:**

**Chairperson:** Santiago

**Secretary:** Anna

**Agenda items:**

13:45 - 13:50		**Opening by chair**

- How is everyone doing?

13:50 - 14:00		**Check-in**

- Tasks Completed: Code of Conduct, HCI Draft, Backlog (issues on Gitlab)
- Tasks in Progress: HCI final version, Questions for Q&A

14:00 - 14:15		**HCI Final verison**  

- Formatting and order - ask Alex
- Discuss if severity matrix is adequate
- Division of tasks for completion - same as before?
- Deadline: 25.2 6pm

14:08 - 14:15		**Code of conduct** 

- Are we happy with the standards and ethos set?
- Make adjustments if necessary
- Record the agreements and disagreements
- Deadline: 25.2 6pm

14:15 - 14:20		**Tips & Tops**  

- What have been some major learning points this week?
- Gitlab, Git, Gitkraken.
- HCI assignment.
- Formatting for the Backlog issues.

14:20 - 14:25		**Summary action points** 

- Who is responsible for what, when is the deadline
- Who is the next chairman, secretary

14:25 - 14:35		**Feedback Round**

- Positive and negative aspects of this meeting in terms of teamwork

14:35 - 14:40		**Question Round**

14:40 - 14:45 	**Closure**









