**Agenda - Meeting 1.3 (Lab Week 4)**

**Location :** 		DZ PC1 Cubicle 4

**Datum :** 		3.1.2021

**Time:** 			13:45 - 14:45

**Attendees:**		Andrei, Anna, Anthony, Kazek, Lucia, Santiago


**Roles:**

**Chairperson:** Anthony

**Secretary:** Kazek

**Agenda items:**

13:45 - 13:50		**Opening by chair**

- How is everyone doing?

13:50 - 13:55		**Check-in**

- Tasks Completed: HCI Draft, Question for Q&A, Frontend, Backend, Activities
- Tasks in Progress: HCI final version, match Gitlab issues with official backlog

13:55 - 14:05		**HCI Final verison**

- Feedback from Alex
- What do we need to change or add?
- Deadline: 4.3 23:59

14:05 - 14:15       **Coding tasks for this week**

- Things to work on next
- Task division
- Set deadlines

14:15 - 14:20		**Tips & Tops**

- What have been some major learning points this week?

14:20 - 14:25		**Summary action points**

- Who is responsible for what, when is the deadline
- Who is the next chairman, secretary

14:25 - 14:35		**Feedback Round**

- Positive and negative aspects of this meeting in terms of teamwork

14:35 - 14:40		**Question Round**

14:40 - 14:45 	**Closure**









