# TA meeting minutes - Week 4

**Location:** DZ PC1 Cubicle 4  
**Date:** 01.03.2022  
**Time:** 13:45 <!--- 13:50 --->
**Attendees:** Andrei, Anna, Anthony, Kazek, Lucia, Santiago

## Agenda Items

### Opening by Chairperson

_No minutes._

### Approval of the agenda

Everybody agrees with the agenda

### Approve minutes of prior meeting

### Check-in - week 2 assigments & current tasks

1. HCI draft
2. Question for the Q&A
3. Frontend
4. Backend
5. Activities

   everyone did their own part

### Current tasks:

- HCI final version
- Match issues w/ official backlog
- Coding

### HCI final version

- Feedback from Alex on Brightspace
- Add relevant heuristics to problems
- Add citations (eg. links to the heuristics)
- Deadline: 04.03.2022

### Match issues w/ official backlog

- Wait for official backlog

### Coding

- 4 people for frontend / 2 for backend
- Finish every screen
- Work on the things that are the least likely to change in the official backlog
- Server - respond with list of players and their scores

### Tips & Tops

- JavaFX CSS is _bad_

### Summary of action points

|  Action Items  |     Who is responsible?      |   Deadline    |
| :------------: | :--------------------------: | :-----------: |
| Next secretary |            Lucia             | Tuesday 15.03 |
| Next chairman  |            Andrei            | Tuesday 15.03 |
|    Frontend    | Kazek, Lucia, Santiago, Anna | Tuesday 24.02 |
|    Backend     |       Andrei, Anthony        |       -       |

### Feedback round

_We decided to not take notes_

### Any questions?

_No further questions_

## TA points

- Do discussions on Gitlab so the TAs see them
- Set more explicit deadlines
- Do discussion as eary as possible before meetings
- Buddycheck is **VERY** important

## Closing

_No minutes._
